Zhao Yu is now obviously following Lei Tian Studio
But suddenly ran here
Is there any problem?
Mr. Yo Lin
Brother Lin, haha, why are you here?
I didn't expect you bitch
I also know a big shot like Mr. Lin
Ha ha
Didn’t I ask you to follow Lei Tianhu?
What are you doing here?
Oh, Brother Li, you don’t know something?
Uh, this bitch owes Brother Tiger 2 million
I'm helping Brother Hu collect debts now.
You
Owe gambling 2 million
Only you can save me now
Lei Tianhu has always been with me
Why haven't you heard him say this?
Hahaha
He really owes Lei Tianhu 2 million
Brother Zhen Wan Quelei
Ever since I followed Brother Hu, I have been fond of new things.
Now I am only responsible for collecting debts
Never take the initiative to deceive people
This bitch never knows how to drink.
Plan to deceive first, brother
Drink tea first and take your time.
Can't drink
Police, are you fucking crazy?
I can't do anything wrong again
Not that
Okay, let's play ballad together. Can we get this fool's money?
You bitch is so fucking mean
Just damn close
Just get it for billions
I won’t fucking pretend anymore
Just don't do anything at all
I'll fucking kill you both.
Zhao Yu is now clearly following Lei Tian Studio
But suddenly ran here
Is there a problem?
Mr. Yolin
Brother Lin, haha, why are you here?
I didn't expect you to be a bitch
I also know big people like Mr. Lin
Ha ha.
Didn't I ask you to follow Lei Tianhu?
What are you doing here?
Oh, Brother Li, do you know something?
Uh, this bitch owes Tiger 2 million
I am helping Brother Hu to collect debts now
You
Owe gambling 2 million
Now only you can save me
Lei Tianhu has always been with me
Why haven't I heard him say this?
Hahaha
He really owes Lei Tianhu 2 million money
Zhenwanzhoulei
I have been looking forward to a new look since I followed Brother Tiger
I am only responsible for collecting the arrests now
Never take the initiative to deceive people
This bitch will never drink
Plan to receive first, bro
Drink tea first and take your time.
You can't drink it.
Police, are you fucking crazy?
I can't do anything wrong again.
Not that
Okay, let's put together ballads for this fool's money?
You bitch is so fucking cheap
Almost, almost fucking
Billions are coming in.
I am not faking it anymore
Just do not do it all the time
Kill you both